README.md, before:

![WebDaw Icon](./public/logo-192.png)

# WebDAW

WebDAW is a portable music composition and production environment that runs in your browser. It is based on the [Web Audio API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) and the [Web MIDI API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_MIDI_API) to provide a performant and feature rich foundation for music creation. Our intention is to use [Web Audio Modules 2.0](https://doi.org/10.1145/3487553.3524225) as plugin architecture to enable easy integration of synthesizers, effects and other relevant components.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). Because it is client-side only, there's going to be functional builds 
accessible via the [gitpages for this project](https://ai-music.github.io/webdaw/). In order to get started with some audio content, the project is referencing the [sample-pi](https://github.com/alex-esc/sample-pi) repository.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run docs`

Creates HTML documentation for the project in the `./docs` directory using the typedoc tool. The `typedoc.json` file serves as configuration file for this process.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Updating readme with deploy command

README.md, after:

![WebDaw Icon](./public/logo-192.png)

# WebDAW

WebDAW is a portable music composition and production environment that runs in your browser. It is based on the [Web Audio API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) and the [Web MIDI API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_MIDI_API) to provide a performant and feature rich foundation for music creation. Our intention is to use [Web Audio Modules 2.0](https://doi.org/10.1145/3487553.3524225) as plugin architecture to enable easy integration of synthesizers, effects and other relevant components.

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). Because it is client-side only, there's going to be functional builds 
accessible via the [gitpages for this project](https://ai-music.github.io/webdaw/). In order to get started with some audio content, the project is referencing the [sample-pi](https://github.com/alex-esc/sample-pi) repository.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run deploy`

Deploys the app into the Gitpages associated with the Github repository. If you want to create a fork of the
application on your own, please follow [these instructions to configure Git Pages appropriately](https://github.com/gitname/react-gh-pages). In particular, you will need to update `homepage` in `package.json` to point to your own account.

### `npm run docs`

Creates HTML documentation for the project in the `./docs` directory using the typedoc tool. The `typedoc.json` file serves as configuration file for this process.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
